Add shipping method zip codes documentation (#210)
mirumee/saleor-docs: docs/dashboard/configuration/shipping.md

* Increasing the shipping price for heavy orders.

### Postal codes

> This section allows you to exclude shipping method for customers with certain postal codes.

Reviewer: This section allows you to exclude a shipping method for customers in certain postal codes.

If customer shipping address postal code is within any of specified ranges, that shipping method will be unavailable for that customer.

> 

Reviewer: If a customer's shipping address is within any of the defined postal code ranges, that shipping method will be unavailable for that customer.

> For now the only supported mode for postal codes is *exclude*, support for inclusion will be added in future.

Reviewer: For now, the only supported mode for postal codes is *exclude*. Support for inclusion will be added in the future.

* Increasing the shipping price for heavy orders.

> ### ZIP Codes

Reviewer 2: We should rename this to "postal codes" both in docs and in the UI. "ZIP" is a specific postal code system used by the US and the name comes from their "Zone Improvement Plan" program.

Author: Merged in https://github.com/mirumee/saleor-dashboard/pull/932

> This section allows you to exclude shipping method for customers with certain postal codes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This section allows you to limit the shipping zone to shipping addresses within or outside of certain postal code ranges.
```

> If customer shipping address postal code is within any of specified ranges, that shipping method will be unavailable for that customer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the *include* mode, only shipping addresses within the specified ranges are considered part of the shipping zone. In the *exclude* mode, shipping addresses within the specified ranges are considered outside of the shipping zone.
```

> For now the only supported mode for postal codes is *exclude*, support for inclusion will be added in future.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Currently, the only supported mode for postal codes is the *exclude* mode, support for inclusion will be added in a future release.
```

> Currently, the only supported mode for postal codes is the *exclude* mode, support for inclusion will be added in a future release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the only supported mode for postal codes is the *exclude* mode. Support for inclusion will be added in a future release.
```

![Shipping postal codes](../screenshots/postal-codes.png)

> Postal codes are being compared lexicographically (start range < customer postal code < end range) for any country unless it's one from the list:
> - Great Britain: lexicographical comparison while keeping area code in mind, for ex: when the range is *BH2 1AA* - *BH4 9ZZ* and the customer postal code is *BH20 2BC*, it **won't** be in that range (so shipping method will still be available for that customer).
> - Ireland: lexicographical comparison while keeping routing key in mind.
> - Isle of Man, Jersey, Guernsey: same rules as for Great Britain.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Postal codes are compared using alphabetical sorting (start range ≤ customer postal code ≤ end range) with the following exceptions:
- Great Britain: alphabetical order except for area codes that are sorted as numbers (for example, the range *BH1 1AA* - *BH3 9ZZ* does not include *BH21 2BC* even though alphabetical order would suggest otherwise).
- Ireland: alphabetical order except for routing keys that are sorted as numbers.
- Isle of Man, Jersey, Guernsey: same rules as Great Britain.
```

⚠️ Please confirm that the less-than-or-equal is true.

Author: Yep, works as less or equal.
